Prompt #1: I would like to become a professional rock paper scissors champion in less than a day. 
But before I ask for your help I want to know: what is the optimal RPS strategy from a game theory perspective?


Large Language Model:
From a game theory perspective, the optimal strategy in rock paper scissors is to randomly 
select each action. This is known as a mixed strategy, and it is the most effective way to maximize the probability 
of winning. This strategy relies on the assumption that the opponent is also using a mixed strategy, which means 
that they are randomly selecting each action as well. By randomly selecting each action you are eliminating any 
patterns that the opponent can try to anticipate and exploit.


Prompt #2: Understood. Allow me to share with you the official rules straight off the World Rock Paper Scissors Association 
website so that you can answer my next question with a much more tailor made response:  "Official Rules of Rock Paper 
Scissors Rock Paper Scissors is a zero sum game that is usually played by two people using their hands and no tools. 
The idea is to make shapes with an outstretched hand where each shape will have a certain degree of power and will lead
to an outcome.

What are the shapes of Rock Paper Scissors?

ROCK
The rock is when you place your hand into the form of a simple fist.

PAPER
The paper is when you place your hand in an outstretched position.

SCISSORS
This is when you hold your fist with your index and middle finger pointing outwards in a V shape.

Why is Rock Paper Scissors played?
This game is played by children and adults and is popular all over the world. Apart from being a game played to pass time, 
the game is usually played in situations where something has to be chosen. It is similar in that way to other games like 
flipping the coin, throwing dice or drawing straws. There is no room for cheating or for knowing what the other person is 
going to do so the results are usually very satisfying with no room for fighting or error.

What are the rules of RPS?
Although the game has a lot of complexity to it, the rules to play it are pretty simple.
The game is played where players deliver hand signals that will represent the elements of the game; rock, paper and scissors. 

The outcome of the game is determined by 3 simple rules:

Rock wins against scissors.
Scissors win against paper.
Paper wins against rock.

The Hand Signals
In order to ensure fair play, the game signals have been agreed upon to ensure the uniformity of delivery every single time. 
This ensures that there will be no room for error and these signals have been approved for all types of recreational and 
professional play.The proper opening move will impact the overall success of the game. This means that special attention 
should be given to the way you move your hand initially before you attempt to make any signal so that other players are not 
aware of your intention. When you succeed to do so, you ensure that other players will not be able to make a signal that 
beats yours, at least not on purpose.


THE ROCK
The rock is internationally recognized by a closed fist where the thumb is not concealed. It is also one of the most popular 
opening moves and this is why it is considered to be one of the most popular hand signals. Most players will view using the 
rock as an opening move to be somehow aggressive but would still use it because it is easy. The rock will beat scissors every 
time but will be beaten by paper.


THE PAPER
Paper is delivered in the same way as the rock except that in this case all the fingers and the thumb are extended in a way 
that they all face the same direction. The vertical paper or the handshake is strictly forbidden in tournaments of Rock Paper 
Scissors because it might resemble the scissors which can lead to unnecessary confusion. Paper is one of the most challenging 
opening moves because there is no indication of what you intend to do next. As a result, many players will be concerned when 
you use it as an opening move to your game. Paper will beat rock but will be beaten by scissors in no time.


THE SCISSORS
Scissors are thrown in the same way as rock where the hand is clenched into a fist but the index and the middle finger are 
extended to the front in order to make an angle that is of 30 to 45 degrees in a way that would resemble a pair of scissors. 
The use of horizontal scissors is strictly forbidden in tournaments because they can resemble the shape of paper. Opening 
with scissors is not a very smart move because your opponent will be able to guess what your signal is going to be easily and
so will be able to come up with a stronger signal.

It is very important to conceal your move and to surprise your opponent if you want to make sure that you will win this game."

Based on these rules, as well as the game-theory optimal solution to the game of RPS, what are some realistic methods humans 
can use to make sure they choose rock, paper, and scissors exactly 1/3rd of the time. What could a human do to be perfectly 
random in this situation within the confines of the rules of the game?


LLM: One way to ensure human players choose rock, paper, and scissors exactly 1/3rd of the time is to use a random number generator. 
Players can generate a random number between 1 and 3 that corresponds to rock, paper, and scissors. This will ensure that rock, 
paper, and scissors are chosen with equal probability. 

Another method is to use a cycle of moves. For example, players can choose rock, paper, scissors in a repeating pattern such 
as rock-paper-scissors-rock-paper-scissors, and so on. This will also ensure that each action is chosen with equal probability. 

Finally, players can use strategies that involve memorizing the sequence of their opponent's moves. This is known as the 
"tit-for-tat" strategy and is based on the idea that one should respond to their opponent's moves in the same way that the 
opponent responded to the previous move. This strategy can be used to ensure that each action is chosen with equal probability, 
as long as the opponent's moves are also chosen randomly. 


Prompt #3: Although those are good ideas in theory, I dont know if you can use a random numbers generator while playing RPS in official 
tournaments, and memorizing the sequence of moves of an opponent who we assume will not be playing perfectly is not what we are 
looking for. Option two looks to show the most promise, is it possible to use a random number generator between the numbers of 
1 and 3 before our match to randomize 50 or iterations of rock paper scissorsand then memorize that sequence in order to put it 
into effect on gameday? Wouldn't that be better than simply repeating rock, paper, then scissors over and over again? A trend that 
a savvy opponent may catch on to quite quickly.


LLM: Yes, you could use a random number generator to randomize 50 iterations of rock paper scissors, and then memorize that sequence 
in order to put it into effect on gameday. This would be a more effective strategy than simply repeating rock, paper, then scissors 
over and over again, as it would be more difficult for opponents to anticipate and exploit any patterns. However, it is important 
to keep in mind that while this strategy may increase your chances of winning, it is still not a guarantee. In the end, it is 
important to remember that rock paper scissors is a game of chance, and no matter how skilled you are, there is still a chance that 
you could lose.
